B. The house of God
1. The dwelling place of God
2. The household of God 
3. The pillar and base of the truth
4. The manifestation of God in the flesh

D. The Body of Christ
1. Composed of the members  
2. Baptized in the one Spirit 
3. Constituted with the unsearchable riches of Christ
4. With Christ as the Head
5. With the individual Christ to be the corporate Christ
6. To be the fullness of Him who fills all in all

E. The counterpart of Christ
1. A great mystery with regard to Christ and the church
2. The church as the bride, the wife, of Christ as the Bridegroom, the Husband
3. To be married at Christ's coming back
4. To be consummated in the New Jerusalem
5. To be a couple in eternity 
6. Typified by Eve as the counterpart of Adam
7. Loved by Christ: 
8. Joined to Christ
9. Having Christ, the Savior, as her Head

F. The new man
1. Created by Christ
2. Of the two peoples - the Jews and the Gentiles
3. Equaling the one Body 
4. No room for Greek and Jew, circumcision and uncircumcision, barbarian and Scythian, slave and freeman 
5. Christ being all the members and in all the members  
6. To be put on by the believers 

I. The speciality of the church life is the faith 
A. Concerning the Bible 
B. Concerning God 
C. Concerning Christ 
D. Concerning the work of Christ 
E. Concerning our salvation
F. Concerning the church

II. The better things for building up a local church: 
A. The exercise of the spirit
B. The growth in life  
C. Pray-reading 
D. Feeding on the Lord 
E. Keeping the oneness 
1.) If we are special, if we are definite and specific in anything other than our faith, surely the oneness will be damaged. 
2.) The main cause for the divisions among Christians is the neglect of caring for the generality of the church life 

III. The balance to the generality 
B. There are certain persons with whom we cannot be general, nor with whom we should be general: 
1. One who neglects to hear the church 
2. Those who cause divisions  
3. One who is sinful 
4. One who is sectarian, factious 
5. One who goes beyond the teaching of Christ 

II. Life is the primary thing in the practicality of the church life: 
A. Realizing by studying the history of Christian practice during the last twenty centuries that the best thing, the primary thing, the first thing we must take care of is the matter of life. 
B. Having a name that you are living, and you are dead (Rev. 3:1-2) causing the Lord to react by raising up the "inner-life line' 
1. Our need is to be made alive. When we have life, it takes care of everything. 
2. In the Lord's recovery of the church life in a certain place there may be genuine local church. But without the practicality of life, it will be dead. It may be right in every aspect, but it is dead. 
3. We can never be too much for the matter of life. Other things can be over emphasized, but the matter of life can never be over-emphasized.